Update rs-6-2-18.md (#2290)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-6-2-18.md

- Enhanced error message information for connection handling 
- Added logging details to “insufficient_resources” planner error 

## Enhancements added in 6.2.18-70 (January release)

> - Added a new script for generating self-signed certificates, for certificate renewal. See [Certificates]({{<relref "/rs/security/certificates/">}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new script for to generate new self-signed certificates for renewal. For details, see [Certificates]({{<relref "/rs/security/certificates/">}})
```

- Added rpm -q command output to the logs (RS82673)

> - Added logs for server operations: start, stop,restart (RS87775)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added logs for server operations: start, stop, restart (RS87775)
```
